you
welcome to talk among the city hosts of
the women's hockey world league final to
kumon has played a significant role in
Argentina story did you know that it was
here that the independence was first
declared well the fifth city of the
country is considered as the baking hot
energetic city in Argentina let's have a
look at the venue now the brand new
stadium will host the top 18 in the
world preparing the road to the world
cup argentina australia china england
germany korea netherlands and new
zealand will have the great opportunity
to test their limits with the objective
of bringing gold home 144 players will
be fighting to win the first fi h hockey
world league title 24 games will promise
epic clashes and brace taking action 14
hours of live streaming with mike
epsilon and nikki simmons giving us all
the insights of the competition are you
ready to join us for the excitement that
we witnessed this week wherever you are
come and make your mark in the hockey
world league final watch the games live
on the f IH youtube channel and be ready
for the fast and furious precise and
powerful hockey here and took around
argentina
you